Update README.md (#2)
tomtomjhj/coq.ctags: README.md

* Notations that contain `;` confuses record field parsing. This results in some unwanted tag entries.

## Requirements

> A recent version of [Universal Ctags](https://github.com/universal-ctags/ctags) with `+pcre2` feature is required.

Reviewer: I meant to use the link label `u-ctags` defined at the bottom of this file.
```suggestion
A recent version of [Universal Ctags][u-ctags] with `+pcre2` feature is required.
```

Author: Ah, that makes sense.

...
```

> You may need to build Universal Ctags from source. In that case, to enable `pcre2`, run the configure script like so: `./configure --enable-pcre2`.

Reviewer: I followed the instruction from <https://docs.ctags.io/en/latest/autotools.html>, and I didn't need to specify `--enable-pcre2`. It seems that it's enabled automatically if libpcre2 is installed. Can you check if this is necessary for you? 

Also, can you try installing with Homebrew? The documentation recommends it. <https://docs.ctags.io/en/latest/osx.html#building-with-homebrew>.

Author: I installed it with homebrew per the instructions, but that builds _without_ pcre2 support. You may be right that specifying `--enable-pcre2` is not required, but I think it will cause the configure stage to fail if `pcre2` is not present.
